The prophecy at Psalm 110 verses 1 to 3,
foretold that the newly installed king Christ Jesus
would have an army of willing volunteers
to preach the good news of the kingdom in all the earth.
And today we have over 8 million kingdom proclaimers.
But to support this global campaign
has required many Bethelites working in Bethel facilities.
In addition, we have remote translation offices.
Hundreds of brothers and sisters are working in these offices
doing translation, translating literature,
audio recordings, and videos.
There are many brothers and sisters who are doing support services
cooking meals, doing the laundry,
cleaning the facilities, and maintaining them.
In addition to remote translation offices,
we have remote volunteers.
These are brothers and sisters who are assisting with Bethel work
but working out of their own homes.
It is quite heartwarming to see the sacrifices
that these friends make.
Many of them have families, some of them are mothers
with children to care for, and yet they devote
many hours during the week to Bethel work.
And brothers who also work secondarily
and care for their congregation responsibilities.
What a wonderful example of self-sacrifice and loyal service.
Our remote volunteers are a tremendous help
to our work in the computer department.
Now of course, our computer work lends itself to the fact
that we can use remote workers.
And you may be interested to know we currently have 200
remote volunteers here in the United States.
Some help with help desk calls, others are consultants,
but many help with our programming projects.
For example, a few years ago, we needed software
to help build kingdom halls here in the United States.
And we decided to try and organize the brothers and sisters
in the field to do this work.
And the blessing that has turned out to be.
I mean, the builder assistant program has been
completely designed and developed in the field.
The brothers and sisters did outstanding work.
Now, builder assistant is not only going to be used here
in the United States to help build kingdom halls,
but also in the branches around the world.
It's really hard to imagine how this work
and many other projects could have been done
without our remote volunteers.
I'm truly grateful for their help.
I felt I was just dreaming.
There was a big surprise when I got approval
to work as a remote volunteer at home here.
It's serving for the service department as a translator.
And especially on the first day of my service,
when they are sitting at my computer
and the connectivity to the server at Bethel.
I was too happy to believe it's a reality.
Several years ago, we realized that a life
was not simple enough.
Having much room for further simplification,
although we hadn't worked as regular pioneers for many years.
So since that time, we have gradually simplified a life
and includes selling our house
and reducing our cars from 2 to 1.
And you see, we have often prayed
that we will be allowed to do our very best
for the outworking of Jehovah's will
and Jehovah's hero prayer.
And he helped us a lot to make more time
for the speech activities
including this service on the remote basis
with much less.
But I feel very happy to support this very important work
in a special way as a translator
that Faith and Slave has been taking the lead
in this global preaching campaign
and distributing the speech or food at the proper time.
So this is a wonderful privilege for me
as a translator to support their work.
It was the best news I've received.
I've got very happy to get the approval
to continue working with Faith from home.
But as time went by,
I had to look at for a part-time job
in order to afford the basic necessities
and still have a time for serve
as a remote volunteer and a regular pioneer.
I feel that my work contributes to the work
of the Natbatham,
which has the main goal of providing publications
and instructions for the preaching work.
And Jehovah has blessed this work so much
that when I needed his help the most,
he gave it to me in a way that I couldn't even imagine.
His answers to my prayers were so quick
that I was astonished.
It was certainly Jehovah's hand helping me
at the time of need.
We have enjoyed various assignments in the past,
but serving faithful is something special to me.
And to be asked to serve again
and the artiones are more,
well, it was very humbling.
I work in the home department along with others,
and we provide support for the translation department.
And doing so, we provide delicious meals
caring for the laundry and cleaning rooms.
This helps our dear hardworking brothers and sisters
in translation to concentrate on their assigned task.
And in turn, we are supporting the preaching work.
And when we engage in the ministry in the weekends
and seeing the way people react to the literature
in their own language,
it's very fulfilling and satisfying.
Jehovah has been good to me,
and I just love working on the artione.
I thank Jehovah for allowing me
to be used in this capacity of full-time service.
I would not swap it for anything
at Satan's World Office.
It is so heartwarming and encouraging to see
the brothers and sisters' reactions.
Even just a smile or comment from the young ones,
like, oh, that DVD was amazing.
We watched it over and over again.
Those kind of comments really touch my heart
and sometimes I can't help it but give way to tears.
When I see how people react with a magazine
or a book that I knew I was involved in translating it,
it brings me so much joy.
To me, it's a blessing.
When you are very busy in Jehovah's work all the time.
Serving in the artione is the translator's best life ever.
Clearly, God's Kingdom
is expanding its operations in all the earth today.
And what a wonderful privilege we have
to be God's fellow workers,
to have a share in this never-to-be-repeated work.
Whether we're working in a Bethel home,
a remote translation office,
or a remote volunteer doing this work in our own home,
all to Jehovah's glory and honor.